Add a null check for `res` and `res.Headers` in HTTP script (#44972)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_22_31.md

#### Scripts

##### http

> - Fixed an issue where the script would fail if no headers were returned in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the script failed if no headers were returned in the response.
```
